Remove ecmwf_macc functions (#1654)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/whatsnew/v0.9.6.rst

Deprecations
~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Removed the ``get_ecmwf_macc`` and ``read_ecmwf_macc`` iotools functions as the
  MACC dataset is being removed by ECMWF (data period 2003-2012). Instead, ECMWF

>   recommends to use CAMS global reanalysis (EAC4) from the Atmosphere Data Store (ADS).

Author: It's not exactly the same. The [EAC documentation](https://www.copernicus.eu/en/access-data/copernicus-services-catalogue/cams-global-reanalysis-eac4) states that the "EAC4 provides estimates every 3 hours, worldwide" and the "Update frequency [is] Twice a year with 4-6 month delay".

In comparison, the CAMS radiation aerosols retrieved using the ``get_cams`` function are only available at 1-minute resolution. My guess is that the CAMS radiation aerosol data might be derived using similar models and data sources but I have not been able to find data to support this claim.

I would vote in favor of adding a note along the lines. "See also ``pvlib.iotools.get_cams``" - give this post a rocket ship emoji if you support this.

>   (:issue:`1609`, :pull:`1654`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (:issue:`1691`, :pull:`1654`)
```

>   MACC dataset is being removed by ECMWF (data period 2003-2012). Instead, ECMWF
>   recommends to use CAMS global reanalysis (EAC4) from the Atmosphere Data Store (ADS). See also :py:func:`pvlib.iotools.get_cams`.
>   (:issue:`1691`, :pull:`1654`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  MACC dataset has been `removed by ECMWF <https://confluence.ecmwf.int/display/DAC/Decommissioning+of+ECMWF+Public+Datasets+Service>`_
  (data period 2003-2012). Instead, ECMWF recommends to use CAMS global
  reanalysis (EAC4) from the Atmosphere Data Store (ADS). See also :py:func:`pvlib.iotools.get_cams`.
  (:issue:`1691`, :pull:`1654`)
```
